(MOSQUITOES BUZZING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GASPS)
(SHUDDERING)
-(WHIMPERS)
-(WOOD CREAKING)
(FOOTSTEPS RUNNING)
(SHRIEKS)
-(SHUSHING)
-(CHOKING)
(MAN GRUNTS)
We caught the bitch.
(GIRL CHOKES. COUGHS)
(GIRL BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GIRL SHUDDERING)
(MOANS)
Please don't hurt me.
(OLD WOMAN SPEAKING WELSH)
Don't be afraid. girl.
Who are you?
Somebody please help me.
(OLD WOMAN SPEAKING WELSH)
Only the evil book can undo
what the evil book has done.
Please. I just want to go home.
(GASPS)
-(GULPS)
- Daddy?
(WHIMPERING)
Daddy. why are you doing this to me?
Who are these people?
MAN: Look. they are good people.
They are here to help.
What are you talking about?
Where's Mom?
Mommy's dead. baby.
You know that.
(GASPING)
You killed her.
What?
You did.
No. why are you saying these things?
Daddy. please. I just want to go home.
I just want to go home.
(SPEAKING WELSH)
Do it! It's the only way to save her soul!
I'm so sorry. baby.
(SHUDDERING) Daddy. what is that?
(SCREAMS)
Daddy.
Daddy. look at me. It's me.
(SPEAKING WELSH)
Do it! Give your daughter peace!
I just want you to hold me and take me home.
Please.
Please stop.
I will rip your soul out. Daddy.
(DEMONIC VOICE)
I'll rip your soul out. you pathetic fuck!
Motherfucker!
I will kill you like I killed
your whore!
Fuck!
(GASPING)
I love you. baby.
(SHRIEKS)
(GASPS)
OLIVIA; Hey.
How's it going. Mr. Hot Shit City Boy?
- Hey. Olivia.
- Come here.
Two arms. please. Like you missed me.
OLIVIA; Mmm.
This is my girl Natalie.
Oh. the heartbreaker from your car shop.
The doctor?
- DAVID: Actually. she's...
- I'm a registered nurse.
- Nurse.
- Mmm-hmm.
Right. sorry.
You were supposed to be here
two hours ago. man.
And that's our irresistibly charming Eric.
Teaching high school finally turned you
into a bitter old coot. huh?
No. you did.
You kept us waiting here all morning.
Good to see you. too. man. Come here.
You look good.
She's waiting for you in the back.
Great.
Hey. Mia.
I'll be damned.
You actually came.
Come on. I'm your big brother.
- Of course I came.
-(SIGHS)
I know I look like road kill.
Oh. you look beautiful. as always.
And you're a charming liar. as always.
(DOG BARKING)
Grandpa?
Hey.
Hey. there buddy.
We always loved this place. didn't we?
He missed you a lot. you know.
(SIGHS)
- Oh. my God.
- What?
- What is that?
Just this. right here. What are you...
(EXCLAIMS) It's not funny.
This is. uh...
It's made from a buckthorn tree.
It's supposed to make your will stronger.
But I thought you didn't believe
in that kind of stuff.
I don't. But you do.
so. well. maybe it'll work.
Okay.
Well. then. let's do this.
Promise me you'll stay with me until the end.
I'm not going anywhere.
Cross your heart.
Okay.
Hope to die.
May my friends and family witness this act.
an irrevocable promise
to my commitment that...
Fuck it. (SIGHS)
I promise not to touch this shit
ever again.
Okay.
Let's play cold turkey.
DAVID: Well... (CLEARS THROAT)
I know some slugs
are gonna have a party tonight.
David...
- Huh?
- Mia's about to go through
the worst three days of her life.
Okay? Withdrawal's gonna make her
experience extreme body pain.
vomiting. chills. paranoia...
It's not gonna be nice.
- Why three days?
- Because after three days
the pain subsides.
And she'll be off the hook for good.
Mia's a strong girl. She'll be okay.
Yeah.
DAVID: Hopefully. this still works.
- Wait.
-(DOOR CREAKS)
Looks like someone broke in.
NATALIE: Be careful.
What is that smell?
ERIC: Some teenagers probably just
broke in here to drink beer and bump uglies.
OLIVIA: Exactly.
-(HISSES)
-(GASPS)
Mom would have hated
seeing the cabin like this.
DAVID: Okay.
Let's make this place livable.
(ECHOING CHATTER AND LAUGHTER)
MIA: No. use my camera.
OLIVIA: Fine. fine.
MIA: Hey!
DAVID: Hey.
Are you okay?
MIA: Do you remember that lullaby
Mom used to sing us?
It was something like...
"Baby. little baby. it's time to say goodbye.
"Baby. little baby..."
Mia. please. I don't think you need
sad memories in your head right now.
Mom is not a sad one.
You know what I mean.
You know what?
Her final days at the hospital...
Mom sometimes thought I was you.
She even called me David
for a whole day. once.
And I played along. 'cause...
Mia. look. I wanted to be there. Okay? I did.
But by the time Mom got bad.
I had just gotten the job
at the garage in Chicago.
I don't know. I had a hard time
finding the right moment to come back.
And then it was too late. So...
Maybe you were lucky.
not to see her the way that I did.
(NAILS HAMMERING)
-(OLIVIA SIGHS)
- It looks like she's doing okay.
David. there's something you need to know.
Okay.
We already tried this whole thing
back in Flint last summer.
Mia made the same promises.
She took the same dramatic vow of sobriety
before chucking her dope down the toilet.
She lasted eight hours and quit.
So. we don't want to give her
that chance this time.
What do you mean?
David. when she breaks.
and believe me. she will.
we don't want to let her leave.
What do you mean?
You want force her to stay here?
Mia?
This time the only way is the hard way. man.
She won't survive another OD.
DAVID: What?
Mia OD'd?
She didn't just OD.
Legally. your sister died.
They had to defibrillate her.
Jesus.
(SIGHS) Look. we all need to be together
on this. Otherwise it won't work.
Good boy.
I came here to make things
better with my sister. not worse.
If she asks me to take her home at some
point. I'm gonna have to do it.
-(THUNDER RUMBLING)
-(MIA YELLING)
MIA: I can't stand it! Fuck!
- I can't stand it!
- OLIVIA: Smell? What smell?
MIA: What the fuck is that smell?
OLIVIA: I know. I know.
(MIA BREATHING HEAVILY)
It's okay. It's okay.
MIA: I can't stand
that fucking smell anymore.
- Lie down. okay?
-(SOBBING)
We're all here for you. I know. I know.
(OLIVIA SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
We're all here.
- We're not going anywhere.
-(CONTINUES SOBBING)
OLIVIA: Withdrawal's kicking in hard.
This should help you get through the night.
I don't know what is wrong with you people.
but there is something dead and it reeks.
But there is no smell.
You're just extra-sensitive right now.
MIA: I just can't stand
that fucking smell anymore.
(WHINING)
Wait.
Oh. is that blood?
(METAL CLANGING)
-(FLIES BUZZING)
- DAVID: Oh. shit.
MIA: Ugh.
What's your medical diagnosis now?
OLIVIA: It fucking stinks.
-(WOOD CREAKS)
- DAVID: Shit. Careful.
These steps are old and rotten.
ERIC: Yeah. like this whole freaking house.
DAVID: I know.
ERIC: Ugh!
It smells like burnt hair.
I think it's back there.
DAVID; Oh!
(DAVID COUGHING)
Ugh!
- ERIC: Oh. my God!
-(FLIES BUZZING)
DAVID: Shit.
(VOICES WHISPERING INDISTINCTLY)
DAVID: What is this?
I don't know. I don't know. Witchcraft?
Who would do this?
(COUGHS)
Shit. something burned here.
Look.
DAVID: Shit. man.
What the fuck happened here?
Let's not go crazy over this. Okay?
I'll bury those dead cats out back later.
Yeah. The smell will be gone in no time.
Yeah. okay.
And what about the voodoo shit
they did down there. huh?
No. no. no. Voodoo is more about
dolls and personal artifacts.
- This is something different.
- Eric. that's enough.
You shouldn't have touched anything
from that basement.
(MACHINE WHIRRING)
(VOICES WHISPERING INDISTINCTLY)
(GRUNTS)
“Naturom Demonic
(GROANS)
"Kunda."
(SCRIBBLING)
"Astratta."
"Montosse."
"Canda."
(SCREAMING)
(COUGHING)
(GASPING)
Please. God. give me a break.
Mia.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
What are you doing?
I'm sorry. but I have to
get out of here right now.
No. come on.
The slumber party isn't over yet.
Yeah. we still haven't played
"Fuck. Marry. Kill." right?
Mia. please look... Mia...
I'm going insane here.
Olivia. I feel like I'm losing my mind.
- DAVID: Mia. what is it?
-(MIA GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I will go through with this. okay?
I just... I can't do it here.
Mia...
(SIGHS) We've decided
we're not gonna take you back.
ERIC: We can't lose you again.
You're gonna have to stick it out this time.
David. drive me home.
Come on. David.
Mia. maybe they're right.
You were supposed to be here
to support me. not them.
- I'm here for you. Mia. That's why I came.
- MIA: Oh. my God.
I'm such an idiot.
To think for once in my life.
I could count on you.
Mia. we're just trying to help you.
Yeah. well. fuck you very much!
(DOOR SLAMS)
Eric. leave her alone.
Mia.
Mia!
ERIC: Perfect.
Fuck this. Fuck. fuck.
Fuck!
What the fuck am I doing?
-(SHRIEKS)
-(GASPS)
(SIGHING)
(SHIVERING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
DAVID; Mia!
OLIVIA: Mia!
DAVID: Mia!
(DISTORTED VOICE) Mia.
(GASPING)
DEMON: Mia!
(GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
(VOICES WHISPERING INDISTINCTLY)
(WHIMPERING)
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTING)
(SCREAMING)
(CHOKING)
(GASPING)
(WHIMPERING)
DEMON: Mia.
(GASPS)
(VOICES WHISPERING INDISTINCTLY)
(GROWLS)
(WHIMPERING)
(SCREAMING)
(SHRIEKS)
(BOTH SHRIEKING)
DAVID; Mia!
OLIVIA: Mia!
BOTH: Mia!
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
- Mia!
- Shit.
(DAVID PANTING)
OLIVIA: Oh. my God.
(SIGHS)
Hey. how's she doing?
Um. she's talking about
a woman in the woods.
How the forest attacked her.
I don't know. It's just crazy withdrawal talk.
Well. don't you think
we should take her to a hospital?
I feel like we're in over our heads here.
Okay. I am giving her the exact same
treatment she would get at a hospital.
(SIGHS)
If we leave now.
all of this mess will have been for nothing.
Okay. What about the wounds on her arms?
I pulled some thorns out.
It looks like she might've
run into a thorn bush out there.
She probably did it on purpose.
What?
David.
from now on. she is gonna do
whatever it takes to get out of here.
- Mia.
-(GASPS)
Listen. you've gotta get out of those clothes.
- All right? Take a shower.
- David.
Please.
(WHISPERING) You have to get me...
...out of here.
Mia. look. nobody said
this was gonna be easy.
No.
You don't understand.
There was something in the woods. David.
And I think it's in here
with us now.
With me in the room?
(WHIMPERS)
Look. you know it's all in your head.
Just try to get it together.
You'll feel better tomorrow. okay?
You'll be glad we were such assholes.
Okay.
(SIGHS) Eric. what are you doing?
Please. would you just get rid of that thing?
You should be downstairs
helping your friend clean up that mess.
I don't know who you're talking about.
Come on.
Don't act like you don't care about him.
-(SIGHS)
- I know you do.
Well. I think we can all agree
he hasn't cared about us
for the past freaking century.
Well. he's here now.
Yeah.
Truly amazing.
-(FLIES BUZZING)
- DAVID: Ugh.
(GRUNTS)
(WHISTLING)
Grandpa?
(PANTING)
Grandpa!
Grandpa?
-(GRANDPA WHIMPERING)
- Come here. boy.
Fuck.
(GRUNTS)
Grandpa.
No.no.no.
Hey. boy. Come here.
What did you get into?
(SOBBING)
Fuck.
What happened?
(SOBBING)
(SNIFFLES)
(SCREAMING)
Mia?
NATALIE: She's in the shower.
OLIVIA: What happened? David?
Mia?
Mia. open the door.
(SHOWER RUNNING)
(BANGING ON DOOR)
Hey. Mia. open the door.
Mia. open the door!
OLIVIA: David. what are you doing?
(BANGING CONTINUES)
OLIVIA: David. stop. tell me what's going on.
DAVID: Mia! Mia. open the fucking door!
(TAP SQUEAKS)
(BANGING CONTINUES)
DAVID; Mia?
Mia. open the fucking door!
- OLIVIA: David!
-(DAVID GRUNTING)
David!
Stop it!
-(STEAM HISSING)
- DAVID: Mia!
Mia?
Olivia!
(GRUNTS)
OLIVIA: Holy shit!
Mia!
(VOMITING)
Shit.
This is insane.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Fuck. Where is it?
This can't be happening.
(PANTING)
I. um... I...
I gave her a sedative.
So. she should be out for a couple of hours.
(TREMBLING) But. fuck. her burns
are serious. Like. second. third degree.
This is so wrong.
Well. nobody could have known
she would do something so twisted!
- No. you should have known!
-(OLIVIA SIGHS)
We've all been following your lead
since we got here.
(SIGHS)
We should have left when Mia wanted to.
Baby. please!
Okay? Let's not lose our heads. okay?
Look. with any luck.
it'll stop raining in a couple of hours.
and we'll be able
to cross the creek in the morning.
and we'll take her to a hospital.
Okay? Everything's gonna be fine.
"Everything's gonna be fine?"
Everything's gonna be fine.
I don't know if you've noticed this.
but nothing has been fine.
And everything's been
getting worse every second.
(SCRAPING)
(GASPS)
DAVID; Mia?
(BONE CRACKING)
OLIVIA: Mia?
What are you doing?
(BONE CRACKING)
Mia. put the gun down.
Put the gun down. please.
Mia.
Put the fucking gun down!
(SCREAMING)
DEMON: Die!
One by one. we will take you!
DEMONIC VOICE: You are all
going to die tonight.
(SPLUTTERS)
The gun. The gun. quick!
NATALIE: Baby?
(ALL BREATHING HEAVILY)
(HISSING)
(OLIVIA SCREAMS)
(GROWLS)
(OLIVIA SCREAMING)
(GASPING)
Mia!
(OLIVIA GASPING)
-(GRUNTS)
-(BANGING)
(MIA GROWLING)
- MIA: Let me out!
- She's totally psychotic.
Oh. my God. what happened to her eyes?
-(BANGING CONTINUES)
-(GRUNTING)
(THUMPING)
- What's she doing?
-(MIA SHRIEKING)
it sounds like she's hitting herself
against something.
This is impossible.
I just gave her enough sedative
to put a horse to sleep.
(STAMMERS) Give her another shot!
(PANTING) That could put her into a coma.
For Christ's sakes. Olivia.
she's gonna kill herself down there!
Go get the shot!
I gotta get the shrapnel out of my arm.
What? I have tweezers in my purse.
David. Listen to me.
(STUTTERS) I don't think
a tranquilizer's gonna do shit.
'Cause I don't think we're dealing with
a freaking panic attack here!
I'm scared that what's happening to Mia
has something to do
with the fucking witchcraft in the basement!
-(MIA GROWLING)
-(PANTING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SHRIEKS)
Ow!
(GASPING)
(PAPER FLAPPING)
(GASPS)
Olivia!
(DOOR CREAKS OPEN)
Olivia?
(CLATTERING)
Are you okay?
(DOOR CREAKING)
Olivia?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(ELECTRICAL CRACKLING)
(METALLIC SCRAPING)
Olivia. what are you doing in there?
(TREMBLING) Olivia.
Olivia.
Are you okay?
(RASPING CROAK)
Oh. my God!
Why the fuck did you do that?
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
-(DOOR CREAKS)
-(ERIC CRIES OUT)
(GASPING)
-(GRUNTS)
-(GROANS)
(BONE CRACKING)
(SCREAMING)
OLIVIA: Kill him.
-(SCREAMING)
-(SHRIEKING)
(GASPING)
(WHIMPERS)
(HOWLS)
No!
-(SHRIEKING)
-(SCREAMING)
Ah!
-(SHUDDERS)
- ERIC: She tried to kill me.
She tried to kill me.
(ERIC SCREAMS)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(ERIC GASPING)
Fuck.
You hold that. You got it?
(ERIC GRUNTS)
Hold it there. okay? Hold it there. Hold...
Fuck it.
David. I did something terrible.
I'm sure you didn't mean to hurt her.
That thing I killed was not Olivia.
He's losing too much blood.
DAVID: Baby. he needs water
and sugar. Okay?
Go.
Go!
Okay. Okay.
- All right.
- David.
I read a passage from that book.
It was... It was some sort of prayer.
I released something. David.
I released something evil.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(WHIMPERING)
(OPENS TAP)
-(BANGING)
-(GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(VOICES WHISPERING INDISTINCTLY)
(MIA GIGGLING)
(LOCK CLICKS)
-(THUNDER CLAPS)
-(GASPS)
MIA: Natalie?
Mia?
MIA; (SOBBING) Natalie.
What am I doing down here?
My leg hurts.
I can't move.
(SOBBING)
NATALIE: I'm gonna come down there. okay?
MIA: Why did you lock me down here?
You were supposed to help me.
Hey. we're trying to help you. okay?
You were out of control. you know?
You got violent
and we didn't know what else to do.
Mia. look. something really
terrible has happened
and we have to get out of here now. Okay?
(IN DEMONIC VOICE) You don't understand.
He's not gonna let you leave!
And he's not gonna stop till he has you.
Until he has all of you!
(GRUNTING)
(SHRIEKS)
(GASPING)
(SHUDDERING)
(HISSING)
(NATALIE STRAINING)
(WHIMPERING) Please...
I can smell your filthy soul.
(NATALIE SCREAMING)
(WHIMPERING)
Kiss me. you dirty cunt!
(SNARLS)
Why don't you come down here.
so I can suck your cock. pretty boy!
Mia.
Mia's not here. you fucking idiot!
Your little sister is being raped in hell!
(NATALIE SOBBING)
Home. I want to go home.
(CONTINUES SOBBING)
(SIGHING)
Thanks for the water.
(THUNDER CRACKING)
DAVID: Eric.
ERIC: I don't know why.
but I thought this would end it.
But this book does not burn.
It does not fucking burn.
Tell me what's going on here.
(GASPING)
(VOICES WHISPERING INDISTINCTLY)
ERIC: This book uses some
ancient alphabet.
There's some translations. but...
Just scattered notes.
They all refer to some... (SIGHS)
Evil entity.
A taker of souls.
A demon.
It says...
"Once he feasts on five souls.
"the sky will bleed again
and the abomination
"will rise from Hell."
(NATALIE PANTING)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS IN PAIN)
This is insane.
This thing is attached to Mia's soul
like a leech.
It's becoming her.
If we want to stop this.
if we want to help Mia...
I think we're gonna have to kill her.
What did you say?
Everything says...
Eric! We're not gonna fucking kill anybody!
Are you listening to yourself?
What about those dead cats
down in the basement?
I mean. maybe they had some disease.
I mean. some virus that... It spread to Mia.
and then she passed it to Olivia
when she puked all over her face!
But what kind of a virus makes a person
cut off their face with a piece of glass?
(MOANING)
Oh. God. Oh. God.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GASPS)
I don't know what we're
dealing with here. okay?
But it stopped raining. and in
a couple of hours. the river will be clear.
and we're gonna get out of this place.
All of us.
It doesn't matter where we go.
If we don't do something right now.
we're all gonna be dead by then!
(STIFLED GASPS)
(GASPING) Give me back...
...my hand.
(SINGING) We're gonna get you
Not another peep
Time to go to sleep
Sleep.
Sleep. Sleep.
(GASPING)
Don't do it. you little bitch! Don't cut it off!
(CHAINSAW WHIRRING)
Don't cut it off!
FUCK you!
No. no. no. no. no...
No. no. no...
(SCREAMING)
(GASPS)
I had to do it. And I feel much better now.
(GIGGLING)
DAVID: Hold on. baby. Hold on. please.
(STUTTERING)
Eric and I are gonna put a stop to this. okay?
I promise that everything's gonna be fine.
Okay? Okay. baby?
She just cut her fucking arm off.
Does that sound fine?
These inscriptions are confusing.
sometimes contradictory.
but they're consistent about one thing.
In order to stop this.
the possessed must be cleansed.
Purified.
The book describes three specific ways.
A live burial.
MALE VOICE: (ECHOES) A live burial.
Bodily dismemberment.
MALE VOICE: (ECHOES)
And purification by fire.
(WOMAN'S VOICE ECHOES)
Are you sure this will work?
If we...
If I kill my sister. she'll be at peace?
Am l... Am I sure? Of course not.
This is not a science book!
But look. I'm sure of one thing.
Whatever is inside Mia
is the cause of all this.
If she dies. then this thing
is gonna die with her.
What if she just lost her mind?
What if she just needs a doctor?
What? A doctor?
My mom died in a mental hospital.
She was crazy.
She was deranged. she was a monster.
I've always feared that
me and Mia would end up like her.
So... Okay. so Mia went crazy.
Okay. What about Olivia?
What about Natalie?
Maybe we've all gone crazy.
(LAUGHS HUMORLESSLY)
You're just a fucking coward.
You know exactly what we have to do.
but you're too scared to go through with it.
I'm gonna burn this fucking place down.
And I'm gonna end this nightmare.
Why don't you just run away?
Go hide beneath some rock somewhere.
You know you're great at that.
(NAILS SHOOTING)
ERIC: Oh. shit.
(ERIC EXCLAIMS IN PAIN)
(SCREECHING)
(GASPING)
-(SCREAMING)
-(SCREECHING)
(DAVID GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
(ERIC BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GRUNTING)
Where the fuck did she go?
David. (GASPING)
Take it before she does.
(DAVID GRUNTING)
(SCREECHING)
(DAVID GROANS)
(NAILS WHIZZING)
(DEMONIC VOICE) Want to play. little man?
(GASPING)
ERIC: No! (GRUNTING)
Stop!
(CLICKS)
No.no.no!
No. no. no...
(ERIC SCREAMING)
(GUNSHOT)
(PANTING)
David.
(CRYING)
Why are you hurting me?
My face hurts.
(SOBBING)
Why?
Why... Why does my face hurt?
Baby.
Nat.
(DAVID SOBBING)
(ERIC LAUGHING)
(CONTINUES LAUGHING)
(SOBBING)
Come on. Come on. man. Here we are.
(THUNDER ROLLING)
Hey. hey. hey. Hold on.
Don't die on me. please!
Dying wouldn't be so bad right now. (SIGHS)
I just don't want to become the devil's bitch.
I'm gonna do what I gotta do.
I'm gonna do what I gotta do. Okay?
(THUNDER CRASHING)
(CHAINSAW WHIRRING)
(SCREAMING)
(CONTINUES SCREAMING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I'm sorry. Mia.
I love you.
MIA: (SINGING) Baby. little baby
It's time to say goodbye
Baby. little baby
I'll miss you day and night
Baby. my sweet baby
I'll write you every day
Baby. don't cry. baby
I wish that I could stay
I can't do this.
L can't do this. (SNIFFLES)
This time. the only fucking way
is the hard way!
(CHAINS RATTLING)
(GRUNTING)
MALE VOICE: (WHISPERING) David.
FEMALE VOICE: (WHISPERING) Murderer.
MALE VOICE: (WHISPERING) Coward.
(THUDDING)
(CRASHING)
(VOICES WHISPERING)
(PANTING)
(DOOR CREAKING)
(SCREECHING)
(DAVID SCREAMING)
(DAVID GRUNTING)
(DEMON GASPS)
(COUGHING)
DAVID: Eric.
(ERIC GRUNTS IN PAIN)
(ERIC COUGHING)
(GROANS)
Hey. hey. hey-
David.
I missed you. man.
(CHUCKLES)
(GASPING)
You know that. buddy. (GASPING)
(THUNDER CRASHING)
(DIGGING)
David?
(MIA BREATHING HEAVILY)
I can't move! I can't breathe!
David! (GASPING)
Help me!
(SCREAMING) Help me!
Help me. David!
You're not her.
-(SCREAMING) David!
-(THUNDER CRASHING)
Help me!
You're not her!
Why do you hate me. David?
I know you do.
You left home.
You left me all alone with our sick mother.
And I was just a kid.
You made me lie.
Every time she screamed your name.
I told her you were coming to see her.
Like you promised.
But you never did.
Please stop it. I'm begging you.
I know Mother hates you now.
and she waits for you in hell.
(LAUGHING)
Shut up.
You will burn. David.
You will burn in hell
alongside your junkie sister.
Shut up.
You're gonna burn in hell
for trying to kill me. you motherfucker!
(BREATHING RAPIDLY)
(GASPING)
(SOBS)
(HEART BEATING)
I'm so sorry.
(HEARTBEAT SLOWING DOWN)
I should have been there.
I should've been there for you.
-(HEARTBEAT STOPS)
-(PANTING)
(GRUNTING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GRUNTS)
(ELECTRICAL CRACKLING)
Come on. Please. come back.
Come on. come on. come on.
Come on. Mia.
Come back to me. Come on. please.
(PANTING)
Oh...
Okay. you are at peace.
You're at peace now.
(SNIFFLES)
MIA: David?
Mia?
(BOTH SOBBING)
(SOBBING) it was so horrible.
It was so horrible.
It's okay. It's all over now.
Thanks for not leaving me. David.
DAVID: Wait here.
I'm gonna get the car keys.
- Okay?
- Yeah.
(DAVID GRUNTING)
(CONTINUES GRUNTING)
(COUGHING)
(CONTINUES COUGHING)
David! (GASPS)
- Go. Please. go.
- No. no. no.
Go!
I'm not gonna go anywhere.
I'm not going anywhere. (GASPS)
Mia. take the keys. Look at me. let's go.
Come on. Come on. let's go.
Get out of here.
(YELLING) No! No!
David!
MIA: No! No!
-(GRUNTING)
- David! David!
He's coming.
(GASPING)
(DEMONIC VOICES MOANING)
(GROWLING)
(INDISTINCT WHINING AND GROWLING)
(SOBS)
(SCREAMING)
(MIA PANTING)
(CAR UNLOCKS)
(PANTING)
-(ROARING)
-(SCREAMING)
(SCREAMING)
(GASPING)
(GROWLING) Mia.
(PANTING)
(CRANKING)
(SHUDDERING)
(GASPS)
Come here. you bitch!
-(CHAINSAW CRANKING)
-(GASPS)
(SCREAMING)
(GRUNTING)
(GASPS)
(CHAINSAW STALLING)
Come on.
(WHIRRING)
(SNARLING)
(GASPS)
(SCREAMING)
(GROWLING)
(MIA GRUNTING)
(WHIRRING)
You're gonna die here. you pathetic junkie!
I've had enough of this shit.
(MIA GRUNTING)
(MIA SCREAMING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I will feast on your soul.
Feast on this. motherfucker!
Die!
(DEMONIC SQUEALING)
(PANTING)
Go back to Hell. bitch.
(MUFFLED SQUEALS)
(SIGHS)
Are you okay. kiddo?
(SOFTLY) Help me.
God Almighty.
Don't you worry. kid.
I'm taking you to the hospital.
and they'll patch you up in no time.
You'll be right as rain.
PROFESSOR KNOWBY".
I believe I have made a significant find
in the Candarian Ruins...
A volume of ancient Sumerian burial
practices and funerary incantations.
It is entitled "Naturom Demonto."
Roughly translated. "Book of the Dead."
The book is bound in human flesh
and inked in human blood.
It deals with demons. demon resurrection.
those forces which roam the forest
and dark bowers of man's domain.
The first few pages warn
that these enduring creatures
may lie dormant. but are never truly dead.
They may be recalled to active life
through the incantations
presented in this book.
It is through recitation of these passages
that the demons are given license
to possess the living.
I have seen the dark shadows
moving in the woods.
and I have no doubt that whatever
I have resurrected through this book
is sure to come calling for me.
(INSECT BUZZING)
Groovy.